Correct the ROS and Fortress bridge (#430)
gazebosim/docs: fortress/ros2_integration.md

communication between them. This can help in many aspects; we can receive data or commands
from ROS and apply it to Ignition and vice versa.

## ros_gz_bridge

> `ros_gz_bridge` provides a network bridge which enables the exchange of messages between ROS 2 and Ignition Transport. Its support is limited to only certain message types. Please, check this [README](https://github.com/ignitionrobotics/ros_ign/blob/ros2/ros_gz_bridge/README.md) to verify if your message type is supported by the bridge.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`ros_gz_bridge` provides a network bridge which enables the exchange of messages between ROS 2 and Ignition Transport. Its support is limited to only certain message types. Please, check this [README](https://github.com/gazebosim/ros_gz/blob/ros2/ros_gz_bridge/README.md) to verify if your message type is supported by the bridge.
```
